update sophos doc (#2684)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/sophos-central-source.md

The Sophos Central Source ingests:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

 * Alerts from the Sophos [Alerts API Endpoint](https://developer.sophos.com/docs/common-v1/1/routes/alerts/get).

>     - Endpoint data is consumed for the alerts whose product value is of type `endpoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Endpoint data is consumed for alerts with a product value of type `endpoint`.
```

Author: Done

 * Events from the Sophos [Events API Endpoint](https://developer.sophos.com/docs/siem-v1/1/routes/events/get)

:::note

> To link the endpoint data to the alert, users can map the `alert.ManagedAgent.ID` field from the alert response with the `endpointID` field from the endpoint response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link the endpoint data to the alert, you can map the `alert.ManagedAgent.ID` field from the alert response with the `endpointID` field from the endpoint response.
```

Author: Done
